hello everybody welcome to Wilson County
Chevrolet Buick GMC of eleven and
Tennessee my name is Blanca is just
another fine truck in this 2015 and a
half Chevrolet Silverado it's the 3500
high country edition crew cab dual rear
wheel the fit and finish starts out
we've got the upgraded all-terrain tires
we've got the alloy wheels
trailer towing mirrors these are the
chrome covered Sigma's built-in they're
powerful capable when you're inside so
if you want to go through the bank
drive-through or the garage you just hit
a button inside and they'll fold in the
beautiful high country logos and then
you also finish off to the six inch
chrome side step they'll show definitely
make it unique with the Duramax with the
Allison Transmission logos up on the
hood and we'll follow it up to the
roofline this one has the optional cab
lights the roof lights if you're looking
for that this one has it it's got OnStar
it's got the Power Move they've even
painted the upper antenna
under the hood laser 6.6 Duramax turbo
diesel proven itself year after year
great horsepower great torque and
backside GM's 5 year 100,000 mile
warranty also included is a 2 year
24,000 mile GM maintenance plan that
includes diesel oil changes achieve a
half gallon and de up top off and
4-wheel tire rotations do have to pay
for two extra with the dealer real very
classy high country grille is that the
pain of the match rub bumpers they get
into the fine details with chrome
buzzing inside the problem these trucks
don't last long but we always have a
great selection here at Wilson County
Chevrolet Buick GMC of Lebanon Tennessee
it's a bone family tradition three
generation strong since 1927 these are
LT 25580 our 17 Michelin all-terrain
tires 373 we're actually in the back
we wrapped around here you've got your
little lights in the back very unique
side step bumper the high country decals
loaded with more options the rear vision
camera for easy back in during day and
night check out this easy access
tailgate as our standard is the
Chevrolet spray-on bedliner
it's got the boat I load you up on front
this has the LED lighting built in the
box for easy to nighttime lighting this
is a third eight red box
definitely remote start its standard on
this vehicle very quiet these 16 6
dermaxyl
interior absolutely gorgeous the unique
high country interior we're doing satin
accents the seating very unique to the
high countries that the white piping
that I still have the high country
embroidery on the headrest these seats
are heated also cooled power seats on
both sides
this truck is equipped with the real
entertainment DVD system that set the
power sliding glass rear window on the
back you're looking for the
top-of-the-line Chevrolet Silverado this
one is waiting for you
very nicely leather wrap steering wheel
heated steering wheels they all have
very easy to use buttons this vehicle
has the included in the load Center on
it a lot of applications audio there the
hands-free with a crown navigation and
the weather video that's a quick touch
screen here will automatically load up
your mapping weather map check all that
out very easy to find a concave seats
there everything this your hands needed
power pedals you get the engine exhaust
brake food clean towing capabilities
checking all your plugins USB policy you
need to plug in appear appearing on your
laptop any power you have a baby to file
file burners no USB ipod plug in and
it's nicely quick if you'd like more
information about purchasing this truck
what do you do if you're in a different
state not a problem call us directly a
5/5 solder 78520 we welcome business
from all 50 US states we walk in their
trade and we also have financing
available right here at the dealership
check us out completely pictures window
sticker information at Wilson County
motors calm